.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "MONGOC_DATABASE_ADD_USER" "3" "2014-08-08" "MongoDB C Driver"
.SH NAME
mongoc_database_add_user()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
bool
mongoc_database_add_user (mongoc_database_t *database,
                          const char        *username,
                          const char        *password,
                          const bson_t      *roles,
                          const bson_t      *custom_data,
                          bson_error_t      *error);
.fi
.fi

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B database
A
.BR mongoc_database_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B username
The name of the user.
.LP
.TP
.B password
The cleartext password for the user.
.LP
.TP
.B roles
An optional bson_t for roles.
.LP
.TP
.B custom_data
A optional bson_t for extra data.
.LP
.TP
.B error
A location for a
.BR bson_error_t
or
.B NULL
\&.
.LP

This function shall create a new user with access to
.B database
\&.

This function handles the difference between MongoDB
.B 2.4
and
.B 2.6
\&.

.SH "ERRORS"

Errors are returned through the
.B error
parameter and can include socket or other server side failures.

.SH "RETURNS"

This function shall return
.B true
if the user was successfully added. In the event of an error, it returns
.B false
and
.B error
is set.


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of MongoDB C Driver.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.