.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "MONGOC_COLLECTION_SAVE" "3" "2014-08-08" "MongoDB C Driver"
.SH NAME
mongoc_collection_save()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
bool
mongoc_collection_save (mongoc_collection_t          *collection,
                        const bson_t                 *document,
                        const mongoc_write_concern_t *write_concern,
                        bson_error_t                 *error);
.fi
.fi

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B collection
A
.BR mongoc_collection_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B document
A bson_t containing the document.
.LP
.TP
.B write_concern
A
.BR mongoc_write_concern_t
or NULL for default write concern.
.LP
.TP
.B error
An optional location for a
.BR bson_error_t
or
.B NULL
\&.
.LP

.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This function shall save a document into
.B collection
\&. If the document has an
.B _id
field it will be updated. Otherwise it will be inserted.

.SH "ERRORS"

Errors are propagated via the
.B error
parameter.

.SH "RETURNS"

true if successful, otherwise false and error is set.


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of MongoDB C Driver.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.