.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "MONGOC_STREAM_WRITEV" "3" "2014-08-08" "MongoDB C Driver"
.SH NAME
mongoc_stream_writev()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
ssize_t
mongoc_stream_writev (mongoc_stream_t *stream,
                      mongoc_iovec_t  *iov,
                      size_t           iovcnt,
                      int32_t          timeout_msec);
.fi
.fi

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B stream
A
.BR mongoc_stream_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B iov
A vector of
.BR mongoc_iovec_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B iovcnt
The number of items in
.B iov
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B timeout_msec
The number of milliseconds to block before indicating failure, or 0 for non-blocking. Negative values indicate the default timeout.
.LP

The
.B mongoc_stream_writev()
function shall perform a write
to a
.BR mongoc_stream_t
\&. It's modeled on the
API and semantics of
.B writev()
, though the parameters map only
loosely.

.SH "RETURNS"

The number of bytes written on success, or
.B -1
upon failure and
.B errno
is set.


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of MongoDB C Driver.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.