.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "MONGOC_BULK_OPERATION_EXECUTE" "3" "2014-08-08" "MongoDB C Driver"
.SH NAME
mongoc_bulk_operation_execute()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
uint32_t
mongoc_bulk_operation_execute (mongoc_bulk_operation_t *bulk,
                               bson_t                  *reply,
                               bson_error_t            *error);
.fi
.fi

This function executes all operations queued into the bulk operation. If
.B ordered
was specified to
.BR mongoc_collection_create_bulk_operation(3)
, then forward progress will be stopped upon the first error.

It is only valid to call
.BR mongoc_bulk_operation_execute(3)
once. The
.B mongoc_bulk_operation_t
must be destroyed afterwards.

.B NOTE
.RS
.B reply
is always initialized, even upon failure. Callers
.BR must
call
.BR bson_destroy(3)
to release this potential allocation.
.RE

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B bulk
A
.BR mongoc_bulk_operation_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B reply
A bson_t.
.LP
.TP
.B error
An optional location for a
.BR bson_error_t
or
.B NULL
\&.
.LP

.SH "ERRORS"

Errors are propagated via the
.B error
parameter.

.SH "RETURNS"

A non-zero
.B hint
of the peer node on success, otherwise
.B 0
and
.B error
is set.


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of MongoDB C Driver.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.