.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "MONGOC_CLIENT_GET_SERVER_STATUS" "3" "2014-08-08" "MongoDB C Driver"
.SH NAME
mongoc_client_get_server_status()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
bool
mongoc_client_get_server_status (mongoc_client_t     *client,
                                 mongoc_read_prefs_t *read_prefs,
                                 bson_t              *reply,
                                 bson_error_t        *error);
.fi
.fi

Queries the server for the current server status. The result is stored in
.B reply
\&.

.B NOTE
.RS
.B reply
is always initialized, even in the case of failure. Always call
.BR bson_destroy(3)
to release it.
.RE

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B client
A
.BR mongoc_client_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B read_prefs
A
.BR mongoc_read_prefs_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B reply
A location for the result bson_t.
.LP
.TP
.B error
An optional location for a
.BR bson_error_t
or
.B NULL
\&.
.LP

.SH "ERRORS"

Errors are propagated via the
.B error
parameter.

.SH "RETURNS"

.B true
on success, otherwise
.B false
and
.B error
is set.


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of MongoDB C Driver.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.