.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "MONGOC_WRITE_CONCERN_T" "3" "2014-08-08" "MongoDB C Driver"
.SH NAME
mongoc_write_concern_t \- Write Concern abstraction
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.B mongoc_write_concern_t
provides an abstraction on top of the MongoDB connection write concern.  It allows for hinting to the driver how durable writes should be, both in replication as well as on a per node basis.

You can specify a read preference mode on connection objects, database objects, collection objects, or per-operation.

.SH "WRITE CONCERN LEVELS"

.TP
.B MONGOC_WRITE_CONCERN_W_DEFAULT (1)
With a receipt acknowledged write concern, the mongod confirms the receipt of the write operation. Acknowledged write concern allows clients to catch network, duplicate key, and other errors.
.LP
.TP
.B MONGOC_WRITE_CONCERN_W_ERRORS_IGNORED (-1)
With an errors ignored write concern, MongoDB does not acknowledge write operations. With this level of write concern, the client cannot detect failed write operations. These errors include connection errors and mongod exceptions such as duplicate key exceptions for unique indexes. Although the errors ignored write concern provides fast performance, this performance gain comes at the cost of significant risks for data persistence and durability.
.LP
.TP
.B MONGOC_WRITE_CONCERN_W_UNACKNOWLEDGED (0)
With an unacknowledged write concern, MongoDB does not acknowledge the receipt of write operation. Unacknowledged is similar to errors ignored; however, mongoc attempts to receive and handle network errors when possible.
.LP
.TP
.B MONGOC_WRITE_CONCERN_W_MAJORITY (majority)
Require that a write has been propagated to a majority of the nodes in the replica set.
.LP
.TP
.B n
Require that a write has been propagated to at least
.B n
nodes in the replica set.
.LP

.TP
.B fsync
Force a full
.B fsync()
on the node receiving the write.
.LP
.TP
.B journal
Force a flush to the journal on the node receiving the write.
.LP


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of MongoDB C Driver.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.