.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "MONGOC_COLLECTION_FIND" "3" "2014-08-08" "MongoDB C Driver"
.SH NAME
mongoc_collection_find()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
mongoc_cursor_t *
mongoc_collection_find (mongoc_collection_t       *collection,
                        mongoc_query_flags_t       flags,
                        uint32_t                   skip,
                        uint32_t                   limit,
                        uint32_t                   batch_size,
                        const bson_t              *query,
                        const bson_t              *fields,
                        const mongoc_read_prefs_t *read_prefs)
   BSON_GNUC_WARN_UNUSED_RESULT;
.fi
.fi

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B collection
A
.BR mongoc_collection_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B flags
A
.BR mongoc_query_flags_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B skip
A uint32_t of number of documents to skip or 0.
.LP
.TP
.B limit
A uint32_t of max number of documents to return or 0.
.LP
.TP
.B batch_size
A uint32_t containing batch size of document result sets or 0 for default. Default is 100.
.LP
.TP
.B query
A bson_t containing the query and options to execute.
.LP
.TP
.B fields
A bson_t containing fields to return or NULL.
.LP
.TP
.B read_prefs
A
.BR mongoc_read_prefs_t
or NULL for default read preferences.
.LP

.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This function shall execute a query on the underlying
.B collection
\&.

If no options are necessary,
.B query
can simply contain a query such as
.B {a:1}
\&. If you would like to specify options such as a sort order, the query must be placed inside of
.B {"$query": {}}
as specified by the server documentation. See the example below for how to properly specify additional options to
.B query
\&.

.SH "RETURNS"

A newly allocated
.BR mongoc_cursor_t
that should be freed with
.BR mongoc_cursor_destroy(3)
when no longer in use. If invalid parameters are supplied, NULL may be returned.

.B NOTE
.RS
Failure to handle the result of this function is a programming error.
.RE

.SH "EXAMPLE"

.nf
#include <mongoc.h>
#include <stdio.h>

static void
print_all_documents (mongoc_collection_t *collection)
{
   mongoc_cursor_t *cursor;
   bson_error_t error;
   const bson_t *doc;
   char *str;
   bson_t *query;

   query = BCON_NEW ("$query", "{", "foo", BCON_INT32 (1), "}",
                     "$orderby": "{", "foo", BCON_INT32 (-1), "}");
   cursor = mongoc_collection_query (collection, MONGOC_QUERY_NONE, 0, 0, 0, query, NULL, NULL);

   while (mongoc_cursor_more (cursor) && mongoc_cursor_next (cursor, &doc)) {
      str = bson_as_json (doc, NULL);
      printf ("%s\n", str);
      bson_free (str);
   }

   if (mongoc_cursor_error (cursor, &error)) {
      fprintf (stderr, "An error occurred: %s\n", error.message);
   }

   mongoc_cursor_destroy (cursor);
   bson_destroy (query);
}
.fi


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of MongoDB C Driver.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.