.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "MONGOC_STREAM_READ" "3" "2014-08-08" "MongoDB C Driver"
.SH NAME
mongoc_stream_read()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
ssize_t
mongoc_stream_read (mongoc_stream_t *stream,
                    void            *buf,
                    size_t           count,
                    size_t           min_bytes,
                    int32_t          timeout_msec);
.fi
.fi

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B stream
A
.BR mongoc_stream_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B buf
The buffer to read into.
.LP
.TP
.B count
The number of bytes to read.
.LP
.TP
.B min_bytes
The minimum number of bytes to read, or else indicate failure.
.LP
.TP
.B timeout_msec
The number of milliseconds to wait before failure, a timeout of 0 will not block. If negative, use the default timeout.
.LP

The
.BR mongoc_stream_read(3)
function shall perform a read from a
.BR mongoc_stream_t
\&. It's modeled on the API and semantics of
.B read()
, though the parameters map only loosely.

.SH "RETURNS"

The
.BR mongoc_stream_read
function returns the number of bytes read on success. It returns
.B >= 0
and
.B < min_bytes
when end-of-file is encountered and
.B -1
on failure.
.B errno
is set upon failure.

.SH "SEE ALSO"

.BR mongoc_stream_readv(3)

.BR mongoc_stream_writev(3)


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of MongoDB C Driver.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.