.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "MONGOC_BULK_OPERATION_REPLACE_ONE" "3" "2014-08-08" "MongoDB C Driver"
.SH NAME
mongoc_bulk_operation_replace_one()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
void
mongoc_bulk_operation_replace_one (mongoc_bulk_operation_t *bulk,
                                   const bson_t            *selector,
                                   const bson_t            *document,
                                   bool                     upsert);
.fi
.fi

Replace a single document as part of a bulk operation. This only queues the operation. To execute it, call
.BR mongoc_bulk_operation_execute(3)
\&.

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B bulk
A
.BR mongoc_bulk_operation_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B selector
A bson_t containing the selector to query.
.LP
.TP
.B document
A bson_t containing the replacement document.
.LP
.TP
.B upsert
.B true
if this should be an
.B upsert
\&.
.LP

.B NOTE
.RS
.B document
may not contain fields with keys containing
.B .
or
.B $
\&.
.RE

.SH "ERRORS"

Errors are propagated via
.BR mongoc_bulk_operation_execute(3)
\&.


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of MongoDB C Driver.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.