.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "BSON_INIT_FROM_JSON" "3" "2014-08-26" "libbson"
.SH NAME
bson_init_from_json()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
bool
bson_init_from_json (bson_t       *bson,
                     const char   *data,
                     ssize_t       len,
                     bson_error_t *error);
.fi
.fi

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B bson
A
.BR bson_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B data
A UTF-8 encoded string containing valid JSON.
.LP
.TP
.B len
The length of
.B data
in bytes excluding a trailing
.B \0
or -1 to determine the length with
.B strlen()
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B error
An optional location for a
.BR bson_error_t
\&.
.LP

.SH "DESCRIPTION"

The
.B bson_init_from_json()
function will initialize a new
.BR bson_t
by parsing the JSON found in
.B data
\&. Only a single JSON object may exist in
.B data
or an error will be set and false returned.

.B data
should be in
.BR MongoDB Extended JSON
format.

.SH "ERRORS"

Errors are propagated via the
.B error
parameter.

.SH "RETURNS"

true if successful, otherwise false and
.B error
is set.


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of libbson.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.