.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "BSON_DESTROY_WITH_STEAL" "3" "2014-08-19" "libbson"
.SH NAME
bson_destroy_with_steal()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
uint8_t *
bson_destroy_with_steal (bson_t   *bson,
                         bool      steal,
                         uint32_t *length);
.fi
.fi

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B bson
A
.BR bson_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B steal
A bool indicating if the underlying buffer should be stolen.
.LP
.TP
.B length
A location for storing the resulting buffer length.
.LP

.SH "DESCRIPTION"

The
.BR bson_destroy_with_steal(3)
function shall destroy a
.BR bson_t
structure but return the underlying buffer instead of freeing it. If steal is false, this is equivalent to calling bson_destroy(). It is a programming error to call this function on a
.BR bson_t
that is not a top-level
.BR bson_t
, shuch as those initialized with
.BR bson_append_document_begin(3)
,
.BR bson_append_array_begin(3)
, and
.BR bson_writer_begin(3)
\&.

.SH "RETURNS"

.BR bson_destroy_with_steal(3)
shall return a buffer containing the contents of the
.BR bson_t
if
.B steal
is non-zero. This should be freed with
.BR bson_free(3)
when no longer in use.
.B length
will be set to the length of the bson document if non-NULL.


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of libbson.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.