.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "BSON_APPEND_DOCUMENT_BEGIN" "3" "2014-08-19" "libbson"
.SH NAME
bson_append_document_begin()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
bool
bson_append_document_begin (bson_t     *bson,
                            const char *key,
                            int         key_length,
                            bson_t     *child);
.fi
.fi

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B bson
A
.BR bson_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B key
An ASCII C string containing the name of the field.
.LP
.TP
.B key_length
The length of
.B key
in bytes, or -1 to determine the length with
.B strlen()
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B child
A
.BR bson_t
to be initialized as the sub-document.
.LP

.SH "DESCRIPTION"

The
.BR bson_append_document_begin(3)
function shall begin appending a sub-document to
.B bson
\&. Use
.B child
to add fields to the sub-document. When completed, call
.BR bson_append_document_end(3)
to complete the element.

.SH "RETURNS"

true if the operation was applied successfully, otherwise false and
.B bson
should be discarded.


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of libbson.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.