.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "BSON_APPEND_TIMESTAMP" "3" "2014-06-17" "libbson"
.SH NAME
bson_append_timestamp()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
bool
bson_append_timestamp (bson_t     *bson,
                       const char *key,
                       int         key_length,
                       uint32_t    timestamp,
                       uint32_t    increment);
.fi
.fi

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B bson
A
.BR bson_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B key
An ASCII C string containing the name of the field.
.LP
.TP
.B key_length
The length of
.B key
in bytes, or -1 to determine the length with
.B strlen()
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B timestamp
A uint32_t.
.LP
.TP
.B increment
A uint32_t.
.LP

.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This function is not similar in functionality to
.BR bson_append_date_time(3)
\&. Timestamp elements are different in that they include only second precision and an increment field.

They are primarily used for intra-MongoDB server communication.

The
.BR bson_append_timestamp(3)
function shall append a new element of type BSON_TYPE_TIMESTAMP.

.SH "RETURNS"

true if the operation was applied successfully, otherwise false and
.B bson
should be discarded.


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of libbson.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.