.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "BSON_ITER_CODEWSCOPE" "3" "2014-05-29" "libbson"
.SH NAME
bson_iter_codewscope()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
#define BSON_ITER_HOLDS_CODEWSCOPE(iter) \
   (bson_iter_type ((iter)) == BSON_TYPE_CODEWSCOPE)

const char *
bson_iter_codewscope (const bson_iter_t *iter,
                      uint32_t          *length,
                      uint32_t          *scope_len,
                      const uint8_t    **scope);
.fi
.fi

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B iter
A
.BR bson_iter_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B length
An optional location for the length of the resulting UTF-8 encoded string.
.LP
.TP
.B scope_len
A optional location for the length of
.B scope
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B scope
An optional location to store the immutable raw scope BSON document.
.LP

.SH "DESCRIPTION"

The
.B bson_iter_codewscope()
function acts similar to
.BR bson_iter_code(3)
except for BSON_TYPE_CODEWSCOPE elements. It also will provide a pointer to the buffer for scope, which can be loaded into a
.BR bson_t
using
.BR bson_init_static(3)
\&.

.SH "RETURNS"

An UTF-8 encoded string containing the JavaScript code which should not be modified or freed.


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of libbson.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.