.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "MONGOC_CLIENT_COMMAND" "3" "2014-05-16" "MongoDB C Driver"
.SH NAME
mongoc_client_command()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
mongoc_cursor_t *
mongoc_client_command (mongoc_client_t           *client,
                       const char                *db_name,
                       mongoc_query_flags_t       flags,
                       uint32_t                   skip,
                       uint32_t                   limit,
                       uint32_t                   batch_size,
                       const bson_t              *query,
                       const bson_t              *fields,
                       const mongoc_read_prefs_t *read_prefs);
.fi
.fi

This function executes a command on the server using the database and command specification provided.

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B client
A
.BR mongoc_client_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B db_name
The name of the database to run the command on.
.LP
.TP
.B flags
A
.BR mongoc_query_flags_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B skip
The number of result documents to skip.
.LP
.TP
.B limit
The maximum number of documents to return.
.LP
.TP
.B batch_size
The batch size of documents to return from the MongoDB server.
.LP
.TP
.B query
A bson_t containing the command specification.
.LP
.TP
.B fields
An optional bson_t containing the fields to return in result documents.
.LP
.TP
.B read_prefs
An optional
.BR mongoc_read_prefs_t
\&.
.LP

.SH "RETURNS"

This function will always return a
.BR mongoc_cursor_t
if valid parameters are passed.

The cursor should be freed with
.BR mongoc_cursor_destroy(3)
\&.


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of MongoDB C Driver.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.