.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "MONGOC_SOCKET_CONNECT" "3" "2014-05-16" "MongoDB C Driver"
.SH NAME
mongoc_socket_connect()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
int
mongoc_socket_connect (mongoc_socket_t       *sock,
                       const struct sockaddr *addr,
                       socklen_t              addrlen,
                       int64_t                expire_at);
.fi
.fi

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B sock
A
.BR mongoc_socket_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B addr
A struct sockaddr.
.LP
.TP
.B addrlen
A socklen_t.
.LP
.TP
.B expire_at
A int64_t containing the absolute timeout using the monotonic clock.
.LP

.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This function is a wrapper around the BSD socket
.B connect()
interface. It provides better portability between UNIX-like and Microsoft Windows platforms.

This function performs a socket connection but will fail if @expire_at has been reached by the monotonic clock. Keep in mind that this is an absolute timeout in milliseconds. You should add your desired timeout to
.BR bson_get_monotonic_time(3)
\&.

.SH "RETURNS"

0 if successful, -1 on failure and errno is set.


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of MongoDB C Driver.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.