.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "MONGOC_STREAM_READV" "3" "2014-05-16" "MongoDB C Driver"
.SH NAME
mongoc_stream_readv()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
ssize_t
mongoc_stream_readv (mongoc_stream_t *stream,
                     mongoc_iovec_t  *iov,
                     size_t           iovcnt,
                     size_t           min_bytes,
                     int32_t          timeout_msec);
.fi
.fi

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B stream
A
.BR mongoc_stream_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B iov
A vector of
.BR mongoc_iovec_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B iovcnt
The number of items in
.B iov
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B min_bytes
The minimum number of bytes to read or failure will be indicated.
.LP
.TP
.B timeout_msec
A timeout in milliseconds, or 0 to indicate non-blocking. A negative value with use the default timeout.
.LP

This function is identical to
.BR mongoc_stream_read(3)
except that it takes a
.BR mongoc_iovec_t
to perform gathered I/O.

.SH "RETURNS"

.B >= 0
on success,
.B -1
on failure and
.B errno
is set.

.SH "SEE ALSO"

.BR mongoc_stream_read(3)

.BR mongoc_stream_writev(3)


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of MongoDB C Driver.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.