.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "MONGOC_CLIENT_POOL_SET_SSL_OPTS" "3" "2014-05-30" "MongoDB C Driver"
.SH NAME
mongoc_client_pool_set_ssl_opts()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
#ifdef MONGOC_ENABLE_SSL
void
mongoc_client_pool_set_ssl_opts (mongoc_client_pool_t   *pool,
                                 const mongoc_ssl_opt_t *opts);
#endif
.fi
.fi

This function is identical to
.BR mongoc_client_set_ssl_opts(3)
except for client pools. It ensures that all clients retrieved from
.BR mongoc_client_pool_pop(3)
or
.BR mongoc_client_pool_try_pop(3)
are configured with the same SSL settings.

It is a programming error to call this function after retrieving a client from the client pool.

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B pool
A
.BR mongoc_client_pool_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B opts
A
.BR mongoc_ssl_opt_t
that will not be modified.
.LP

.SH "AVAILABILITY"

Since 0.96.0

.B NOTE
.RS
This feature requires that the MongoDB C driver was compiled with
.B --enable-ssl
\&.
.RE


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of MongoDB C Driver.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.