.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "MONGOC_CLIENT_GET_GRIDFS" "3" "2014-05-16" "MongoDB C Driver"
.SH NAME
mongoc_client_get_gridfs()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
mongoc_gridfs_t *
mongoc_client_get_gridfs (mongoc_client_t *client,
                          const char      *db,
                          const char      *prefix,
                          bson_error_t    *error);
.fi
.fi

The
.B mongoc_client_get_gridfs()
function shall create a new
.BR mongoc_gridfs_t
\&. The
.B db
parameter is the name of the database which the gridfs instance should exist in. The
.B prefix
parameter corresponds to the gridfs collection namespacing.

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B client
A
.BR mongoc_client_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B db
The database name.
.LP
.TP
.B prefix
The prefix for gridfs collection.
.LP
.TP
.B error
An optional location for a
.BR bson_error_t
or
.B NULL
\&.
.LP

.SH "ERRORS"

Errors are propagated via the
.B error
parameter.

.SH "RETURNS"

A
.BR mongoc_gridfs_t
on success,
.B NULL
upon failure and
.B error
is set.


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of MongoDB C Driver.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.