.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2014 MongoDB, Inc.
.\" 
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
.\" or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
.\" with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
.\" Free Documentation License".
.\" 
.TH "MONGOC_COLLECTION_COMMAND" "3" "2014-05-16" "MongoDB C Driver"
.SH NAME
mongoc_collection_command()
.SH "SYNOPSIS"

.nf
.nf
mongoc_cursor_t *
mongoc_collection_command (mongoc_collection_t       *collection,
                           mongoc_query_flags_t       flags,
                           uint32_t                   skip,
                           uint32_t                   limit,
                           uint32_t                   batch_size,
                           const bson_t              *command,
                           const bson_t              *fields,
                           const mongoc_read_prefs_t *read_prefs)
BSON_GNUC_WARN_UNUSED_RESULT;
.fi
.fi

.SH "PARAMETERS"

.TP
.B collection
A
.BR mongoc_collection_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B flags
A
.BR mongoc_query_flags_t
\&.
.LP
.TP
.B skip
A uint32_t with the number of documents to skip or zero.
.LP
.TP
.B limit
A uint32_t with the max number of documents to return or zero.
.LP
.TP
.B batch_size
A uint32_t with the number of documents in each batch or zero. Default is 100.
.LP
.TP
.B command
A bson_t containing the command to execute.
.LP
.TP
.B fields
A bson_t containing the fields to return or NULL. Not all commands support this option.
.LP
.TP
.B read_prefs
A
.BR mongoc_read_prefs_t
or NULL.
.LP

.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This function shall execute a command on a collection. This is performed lazily and therefore requires calling
.BR mongoc_cursor_next(3)
on the resulting cursor structure. The cursor should be freed with
.BR mongoc_cursor_destroy(3)
when no longer in use.

.SH "RETURNS"

A lazy
.BR mongoc_cursor_t
that should be freed with
.BR mongoc_cursor_destroy(3)
\&.

.B NOTE
.RS
Failure to handle the result of this function is a programming error.
.RE


.BR
.SH COLOPHON
This page is part of MongoDB C Driver.
Please report any bugs at
\%https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER.